add insert_into recipe (#6)
ververica/flink-sql-cookbook: recipes/04/04_insert_into.md

# 04 Inserting Into Tables

:bulb: This recipe shows how to insert rows into a table so that downstream applications can read them.

As outlined in [the first recipe](recipes/01/01_create_table.md) Flink SQL operates on tables, that are stored in external systems.
To publish results of a query for consumption by downstream applications, you write the results of a query into a table. 
This table can be read by Flink SQL, or directly by connecting to the external system that is storing the data (e.g. an ElasticSearch index.)

> This example takes the `server_logs` tables, filter for client errors, and write these logs into another table called `client_errors`. 
> In order to keep this example self-contained, `client_errors` is of type `blackhole`: instead of actually writing the data to an external system the table discard any rows written to it.

Reviewer: What do you think about this? 
```suggestion
This example takes the `server_logs` tables, filter for client errors, and write these logs into another table called `client_errors`.
Any number of external systems could back the result table, including Apache Kafka, Apache Hive, ElasticSearch, JDBC, among many others. 
To keep this example self-contained, `client_errors` is of type `blackhole`: instead of actually writing the data to an external system, the table discards any rows written to it.
```
